I would like you to first of all,
take the GitHub link that we have here,
swap that out for the GitHub icon,
make it accessible.
And then the second thing I'd like for
you to do is I'd like for
you to find some kind of icon that
might be suitable to go with your name.
So in my case in my website here,
I picked the HTML icon here,
but there are many other choices
1608 choices for an icon.
So I'd like you to pick something
from the font is awesome
choices that might go with your name and
get that installed as well.
That's gonna require a little bit of
styling trick there also to make it work
with your name, so you might have to write
an extra class in order to add a little
bit of styling to that, see how far you
get and then I'll tell you my answer.
Go ahead
Hope you all did well with
that navbar exercise.
Let's take a look at how
we might go through adding
those particular icons to our web page.
So here's what I've got going on in my
particular let's start here with the HTML,
so here with GitHub pretty much
looks exactly like LinkedIn,
except it has a different code,
of course for the icon.
So here we've got the GitHub square,
Aria hidden true,
screen reader only is the GitHub icon.
And it should have taken the same
styling that the LinkedIn icon did.
So you should be pretty well set up here.
And then up here at the top of the page,
as I said before I chose this particular
icon to represent me, I hope you chose
whatever represents you well and
was available there on font awesome.
So I hid that particular icon, right,
so aria-hidden true, I don't I need
that icon to be visible to screen readers,
but I wanted my name to show next to it.
So the way I set that up was with
two different span elements.
One span contains that icon, the other
span is going to contain my name.
So those two things will just sit
next to each other very nicely.
And in the reason when I added
that span element is down here
in my CSS one of the things
that I added here in my nav h1,
I didn't want that icon to be so
big by default.
So here for nav h1 with the class of fa.
So notice that that comes
after the initial nav class
fa attributes selector declaration.
I reset my font size to
a hundred percent and
I set my color to aqua and
to get these two be magenta on mouse over.
Okay.
So by default they were not
magenta on mouse over and
the reason why is because
the class up here nav
class fa is more specific
than simply nav a hover.
If you look at the CSS specificity part of
this that does not work so you'll need to
add an additional class here in order to
get that to work on hover for those icons.